Darling
I’m waiting for you at the intersection
Where we first met
Waiting for you to take me to Korea
What a coincidence
Qín Ruò Yǔ
Didn’t expect
To run into the great Miss Jiǎng
In a place like this
What are you doing here?
Miss Jiǎng
Seems to be waiting for someone
Qín Ruò Yǔ
Let me tell you straight
I’m now
The fiancée of the heir
To South Korea’s top chaebol group, the Pǔ family
Have you seen
The necklace and ring I’m wearing?
He bought them for me
These are all limited-edition pieces
Only the most powerful
Can buy them
Well then
I must congratulate Miss Jiǎng
On marrying into a top-tier elite family
Qín Ruò Yǔ
Don’t think just because you’re
The Eldest Miss of the Qín family
I’ll be scared of you
I’m about to trample you
Under my feet
I’ll make you
Like a dog
Kneeling before me
Soon enough
But not quite yet
The Pǔ family’s daughter-in-law, right?
What do you mean by that?
Stop waiting
He’s not coming
Impossible
He said
He’d take me to Korea to get married
I trust him
Seeing you so naive
I can’t bear to expose you
Sorry
Pǔ Chéng is my guy